docs/csp/csp_week_1.md, before:

{% include navigation.html %}

# CSP

{% include csp_nav.html %}

## Week 1 - [Ticket](https://github.com/Archkitten/CS-AP-2/issues/4)

### 5.3 Notes

* Computing Bias occurs when the people that make the machines are biased already.
* Let’s say someone makes a soap dispenser that detects skin color to dispense soap, but forgets about other skin colors. The end result is a biased soap dispenser that only gives soap to the creator, not at the fault of the soap dispenser, but of the person that created it.

### [Tri 3 TPT 1.0 Computing Bias 5.3](https://github.com/nighthawkcoders/nighthawk_csp/wiki/Tri-3-TPT-1.0-Computing-Bias-5.3)

GitHub Actions

### 5.4 Notes

Notes

### [Tri 3 TPT 1.1 Crowdsourcing 5.4](https://github.com/nighthawkcoders/nighthawk_csp/wiki/Tri-3-TPT-1.1-Crowdsourcing--5.4)

GitHub Actions

### [Tri 3 TT1 Data Structures](https://github.com/nighthawkcoders/nighthawk_csp/wiki/Tri-3-TT1---Data-Structures)

Categories of Data:
* Primitive Data Type - int, Boolean, String, etc.
* Collection Data Structure - Lists, Dictionary, etc.

List:
```
my_list = []
my_list.append("Hello!")

print(len(my_list))
# Result: 1

my_list.remove(0)
```

InfoDB Lists:
```
InfoDB = []

InfoDB.append({"P1": "Blob", 
               "P2": "Drip", 
               "P3": "Ro"})
```

Assignment (InfoDB Loops):
* Iterate through a python list in three different ways:
* For Loop
* While Loop
* Recursion
```
# for loop iterates on length of InfoDB
def for_loop():
    for n in range(len(InfoDB)):
        print_data(n)
# while loop contains an initial n and an index incrementing statement (n += 1)
def while_loop(n):
    while n < len(InfoDB):
        print_data(n)
        n += 1
    return
```

Fibonacci:
* Fibonacci is a process that requires iteration, as the following value requires the two previous values to appear.
* Therefore, getting the next value in a Fibonacci sequence requires constant iteration.

Commit message:

Pages - Sub-navbars less vague and 5.4 github actions done

docs/csp/csp_week_1.md, after:

{% include navigation.html %}

# CSP

{% include csp_nav.html %}

## Week 1 - [Ticket](https://github.com/Archkitten/CS-AP-2/issues/4)

### 5.3 Notes

* Computing Bias occurs when the people that make the machines are biased already.
* Let’s say someone makes a soap dispenser that detects skin color to dispense soap, but forgets about other skin colors. The end result is a biased soap dispenser that only gives soap to the creator, not at the fault of the soap dispenser, but of the person that created it.

### [Tri 3 TPT 1.0 Computing Bias 5.3](https://github.com/nighthawkcoders/nighthawk_csp/wiki/Tri-3-TPT-1.0-Computing-Bias-5.3)

GitHub Actions

### 5.4 Notes

Notes

### [Tri 3 TPT 1.1 Crowdsourcing 5.4](https://github.com/nighthawkcoders/nighthawk_csp/wiki/Tri-3-TPT-1.1-Crowdsourcing--5.4)

1. CompSci has 150 principles students. Describe a crowdsource idea and how you might initiate it in our environment?
* A crowdsource idea could be something like announcing to a bunch of students, telling them to gather data on something like how much trash is usually left out at lunch.

2. What about Del Norte crowdsourcing? Could your final project be better with crowdsourcing?
* The final project would be better with crowdsourcing, allowing many people to run the program and save their own data on the website.

### [Tri 3 TT1 Data Structures](https://github.com/nighthawkcoders/nighthawk_csp/wiki/Tri-3-TT1---Data-Structures)

Categories of Data:
* Primitive Data Type - int, Boolean, String, etc.
* Collection Data Structure - Lists, Dictionary, etc.

List:
```
my_list = []
my_list.append("Hello!")

print(len(my_list))
# Result: 1

my_list.remove(0)
```

InfoDB Lists:
```
InfoDB = []

InfoDB.append({"P1": "Blob", 
               "P2": "Drip", 
               "P3": "Ro"})
```

Assignment (InfoDB Loops):
* Iterate through a python list in three different ways:
* For Loop
* While Loop
* Recursion
```
# for loop iterates on length of InfoDB
def for_loop():
    for n in range(len(InfoDB)):
        print_data(n)
# while loop contains an initial n and an index incrementing statement (n += 1)
def while_loop(n):
    while n < len(InfoDB):
        print_data(n)
        n += 1
    return
```

Fibonacci:
* Fibonacci is a process that requires iteration, as the following value requires the two previous values to appear.
* Therefore, getting the next value in a Fibonacci sequence requires constant iteration.
